Add /pr-review Claude Code skill (#756)
vllm-project/speculators: .claude/skills/pr-review/SKILL.md

> # PR Review
> 
> Review a GitHub pull request with design-first analysis, posted as a GitHub review.
> 

Reviewer: nit: I think anthropic recommends having yaml front matter at the top: https://platform.claude.com/docs/en/agents-and-tools/agent-skills/best-practices#skill-structure

```suggestion
---
name: pr-review
description: Review a GitHub PR with design-first analysis, posted as a GitHub review.
---

```

Author: fixed!
